gh-60712: Include the "object" type in the lists of documented types (#103036)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2023-03-28-22-24-45.gh-issue-60712.So5uad.rst

> Include the "object" type in the lists of documented types. Co-Authored-By: @cjerdonek

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the :class:`object` type in the lists of documented types.
Change by Furkan Onder and Martin Panter.
```

* Format and cross-reference ``object``
* Fix change attribution
